no-no-no get sip where you need to be
come forward okay yeah you want to swing
your legs sport let's get all the way
straight and then what's gonna get you
up here on your hands and knees huh your
arms and your stomach you're gonna feel
like somebody like hit you in the sound
okay and you gotta get your way down
your arms lean on your arms lean forward
with yourself that's it that's how much
on your arms you've got a baby okay
yes except let the knees go ahead and go
all the way together
but the minute you went on your arms
that was fine
okay now the next thing is being box you
go think about where your knees have to
go into now that's pretty good for you
bend your elbows let me go back a little
further there you go bend your elbows so
your back is flat be in a box you put
your weight over the shoulders over the
handles there and lift your right leg
behind you
Shakespeare very nice leg very nice now
touch the horse and go up no just like
we did on the ground straight leg with
the letter O Sam straight leg lift the
leg down and up keep the toes on them
down look up up down up down up and let
the light come down so you can rest for
a minute
because then we're going to do with the
leg turning man okay
ready for that and down keep your
shoulders take it forward and down and
and down see how cleverly you've got
that idea of getting stuff up there into
the kneeling position alright hold on to
that feeling you can hop up